README.md, before:

# C-DEngine NMI - The Modern User Interface of the C-DEngine

C-DEngine's User Interface - the Natural Machine Interface (NMI) - is a model driving user interface.
It allows developer to model and specify user interface components on the backend, sensors, machines or wherever the C-DEngine and plugins are hosted. 

Users can than access the NMI from other devices such as browsers, tablets or mobile phones using one of the renderers available on these devices. 

At this point only an [HTML5 renderer](src/HTML5/readme.md) is available but we plan on adding renderes for XAML, Xamarin, Unity and others.

+ If you want to have a look at the NMI you check out [Using Plugins](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/cdeDocs/blob/master/docs/plugins/UsingPlugins.md).
+ If you want to use the NMI in your own application and get started coding for it checkout the [HelloWorld sample](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/cdeDocs/blob/master/docs/Coding/HelloWorld.md).

Other repositories contain:

- the core [C-DEngine](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/C-DEngine), 
- an [SDK with Samples](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/cdeSDK), and 
- a collection of [turn-key Plug-Ins](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/cdePlugins).

Commit message:

Tizen support and keyboard navigation support (#11)
* fixes for NMI JS

* reuse update

* typo

* ComboBox Search box fix

* Support for Tizen Remote; Basic NMI Keyboard navigation

* readme update

* license fix

* fullscreen support for iframe; Push Scenes to browser

* NMI Support for fullscreen Thing Screens;

Co-authored-by: Chris Muench <chris.muench@live.com>

README.md, after:

# C-DEngine NMI - The Modern User Interface of the C-DEngine

C-DEngine's User Interface - the Natural Machine Interface (NMI) - is a model driving user interface.
It allows developer to model and specify user interface components on the backend, sensors, machines or wherever the C-DEngine and plugins are hosted. 

Users can than access the NMI from other devices such as browsers, tablets or mobile phones using one of the renderers available on these devices. 

You can also find NMI-Viewer and NMI-Kiosk in the Windows Store, Google Play Store and soon Apple Store and Tizen (Samsung TVs).
These viewers allow to securely store credentials to the NMI and access your personal NMI.
The Kiosk mode allows to create shortcuts to dashboards in the NMI to be used on monitors in break rooms, home panels and other screens.

At this point only an [HTML5 renderer](src/HTML5/readme.md) is available but we plan on adding renderes for XAML, Xamarin, Unity and others.

+ If you want to have a look at the NMI you check out [Using Plugins](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/cdeDocs/blob/master/docs/plugins/UsingPlugins.md).
+ If you want to use the NMI in your own application and get started coding for it checkout the [HelloWorld sample](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/cdeDocs/blob/master/docs/Coding/HelloWorld.md).

Other repositories contain:

- the core [C-DEngine](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/C-DEngine), 
- an [SDK with Samples](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/cdeSDK), and 
- a collection of [turn-key Plug-Ins](https://github.com/TRUMPF-IoT/cdePlugins).
